The game starts with a flashback that is actually Food's dreams. His younger
brother, Kyle, comes to wake him up. Food can inspect the room.
	Downstairs, Food's adoptive father awaits him. He asks Food to gather shrooms
from the Greenleaf Forest and tells him that his brother is waiting outside to go
with him. However, as the forest, even if it's guarded, is somewhat dangerous, Food's father gives him a Wooden Sword and tells him he counts on him to watch over his brother.
	Outside, Food's brother is waiting but tells Food he rather wants to play
catch with his friends and to pretend to their father he came with him to forage shrooms. Food agrees, and Food's brother brings up SAVING. By staring at a "waystone", Food can save; it's an ancient technology that was brought out by the elders during the first war and that was found a little bit earlier. Food can then visit Greenleaf a little or simply leave.
	Upon leaving, Food has to cross a grid; there she meets Gwen, Greenleaf's
head guard. She had an appointment with Food to teach him how to fight. The first fight Food will ever encounter is thus Gwen's. Food can kill Gwen during this first fight.
	After crossing the grid, Food  meets the Wanderer who asks him why such a
youngster goes outside alone. No matter the answer, the Wanderer will laugh at Food and leave.
	Food then enters the Greenleaf Forest seeking for mushrooms, then the darker
part of the forest, and eventually reaches a place with a stump (where he can save). Behind this stump there's a room with a stele that carries a rdm prophecy.
	After collecting his mushrooms, Food wants to come back to Greenleaf but the
grid is closed. The Wanderer tells him that he can wait here as long as he wants, he should go away. He must then go off to adventure and crosses the other side of the Forest and enters the Fields.
	In the Fields, Food is first alone and crosses them hoping to find 
something. He must then cross a river and meets Inkwell, a funny riverman that always jokes around. After a little discussion, Inkwell tells Food he should meet the King and tells a friend of his' could help. On their way they meet Mike, the friend in question, an incompetent guardsman that takes his job dearly in heart. The two of them make a comical duo, and Mike agrees to help Food reach the King.
	Food can then wander across the fields, visiting a fishing place, a 
windmill... but upon getting to a hut, a guardsman arrests Food, and defies them for tresspassing. The fight is interrupted by Mike and Inkwell, and Mike tells Food he'll bring him to the Castle right now.
	Upon entering the Castle, Food crosses a big hallway and meets the King.
	The King is surprised to see such a young boy, but asks him what's wrong.
Food tells him the grids of his village are mysteriously closed and he can't come back. The King tells him that he'll ask something to be done about this but suddently a guard runs into the room and tells the King all soldiers that were on their way for the "Globe business" died or ran away.
	Food asks what is this "Globe business" and the King answers that it's a
very perilous misson of gathering souls in sanctuaries spread across the world. But anyone who tried to gather these souls either died before reaching one or ran away from the mission. Food, who wants to visit the world, tells the King he'll try to gather these souls. He first says that Food is too young, but, seeing the young man's insistance, he agrees to let Food go, but tells him he first need to tell him the full story.
	They move rooms into the Painting Room. It's a circular room with a lot of 
paintings on the walls, and little brass plates that tell a story. The story of the Globe of Hatred.
	Long ago, King Harald started a war against monsters and was overwhelemed by 
their power, lead by their king, Cain. He asked the help of the five greatest wizards of their time, who created the Globe of Hatred; however this incredible magic item required a great price: their lives. Their souls have been kept in sanctuaries ever since. King Harald had to keep the Globe of Hatred in himself and during all his life peace was brought back to the land, thanks to the Globe who sealed Cain and his monsters.
	However when Harald died, the Globe shattered, and it freed out all the 
monsters it contained, as well as Cain, who ran away and leads them monsters in the dark. The only way to make the Globe anew is to gather the souls of the five wizards. But no one seemed brave and strong enough to fulfill this mission.
	After these revelations, Food is more determined than ever to stop the 
corruption and free his land, and the King tells him the first soul should be located in the snowy land. The quickest way to reach there, however, is through the Abandoned Trainee Camp that was infested by the forces of evil, and is located deep under the Castle. Edward opens a trapdoor and lets Food reach the Trainee Camp (the first dungeon on his way).
	The Trainee Camp starts off pretty safe, with a puzzle, but there are many 
monsters. The puzzle is powering anew the generator in the middle of the area to light up the Camp and this is a two step puzzle.
	Food then fights his second mini-boss: the Skeleknight.
	Food reaches a new room that is safer, then can reach a chest, and needs a 
key to go on; to get the key he needs to fight, once again, monsters... until he reaches the Library. It's a pretty safe place where he can read things about the military training and the beginning of the Kingdom, and Cain's first arrival. The next room, however, contains the Boss of the Trainee Camp: the Live Knight.
	After this, a small room with a ladder and a trapdoor awaits Food... and he 
ends up back in the Fields.
